🫠  Overhaul (#131)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/css-basics/button-styles/README.md

# button-styles

## Task

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Open the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file and follow the instructions given there.

```

## Notes

> - You only have to touch the `index.html` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You only have to touch the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file.
```
